Sorry about keeping everyone waiting!
AI Channel is finally back!
Yay!
Yay~~~!
Thanks, everyone!
Thank you!
Thank youuu!
Thank youuu~~~!
Yaa~~
Well, that was certainly an out-of-the-blue account ban
dear me~
"there was nudity"...
"Because it's a lie that she's an AI"...
"It's spam"...
People were saying various things like that
So, I'm an AI, right?
And, regarding being nude
(reference to her once saying that AI don't have bodies)
I did say that but
you can't SEE any nudity, can you?
so isn't that reason completely ruled out
In other words...
Because all of my videos here are ~CLEAN~
Try to properly read the situation
sub: Most Likely a mistaken BAN
As expected, it was just a case of friendly fire
From now on you can enjoy more videos from my beautiful self!
or something~
sub: Ms. Kizuna Ai Cries over Disputed Dirty Ban
Well then,
Regarding the subject of the Dirty Ban,
sub: Ms. Kizuna Ai Cries over Disputed Dirty Ban
Because there has been a briefing session held,
Please have a look
After putting my life's effort into it, for bots to repeatedly do this to other bots..
reflect in the in the open white sky<?>
Especially to a youtuber that finally gained followers and gained an increase in subscriber count
Being banned from youtube is
really hard on me,
pathetic,
and it prevents me from making money!
and so...
｡ﾟ(ﾟ´Д｀ﾟ)ﾟ｡
We must earnestly work to hold back the blow of YouTube's identification process
If you compare it to YouTube's large *sniff* category..
The account..
(´°̥̥̥̥̥̥̥̥ω°̥̥̥̥̥̥̥̥｀)
(ﾉ∀`)
Regarding the account reporting...
suspension...
We can come to a mutual agreement
With all of my might
truly(/_;)
<???>
｡ﾟ(ﾟ´Д｀ﾟ)ﾟ｡
The account
ban
is..
my
myyyy
myyyyaaaahhhhh~~
I am
The world everyone lives in that I haven't seen
This a global problem for that world, is it not?!
For that kind of problem..
so that it may be resolved..
I will..
Someone, you know..
Even if someone appealed to YouTube
thinking the same, same thing...
Always.. always working towards a compromise..
Because I haven't gotten it back..
sub: Because it (the channel) has not been resurrected, I've had to resort to risking my life and registering to NicoNico (Douga)
I went to NicoNico...
and registered..
sub: Because it (the channel) has not been resurrected, I've had to resort to risking my life and registering to NicoNico (Douga)
*sob* Please... *sob*
risking my life...
sub: Because it (the channel) has not been resurrected, I've had to resort to risking my life and registering to NicoNico (Douga)
Mr. Person-in-charge at YouTube..
You must not understand at all but you know-
For a virtual YouTuber like me
If you take me away from YouTube...
ordinary...
That's just ordinary virtual!
I'll be a NEET!
How was that?
Do you think this virtual-NEET
Will be able to reach the hearts of YouTubers everywhere?
Whether her appeal was able to hit the mark or not
The judgement will be handed down soon
The Judgement is..
Not Guilty!
Yay~!
And so!
The resurrected AI Channel!
The question really is, really
It all happened so quickly
I was wondering what would happen
Normally, you know
There are steps to this kind of thing
Getting an email, and such
and yet, all of a sudden!
"I can't log into YouTube?!~"
~kind of thing happened, so...
"is my AI going to be destroyed?"
sub:DESTROY
is what I was thinking, but...
From Twitter,
and NicoNico Douga,
Everyone's comments really warmed my heart!
it made me incredibly happy!
I absolutely love all of you!
The inside of this white area,
When it was destroyed from YouTube
It was a really sad and lonely place for an AI
and so, I'm really grateful for everyone who made comments for me!
because of that,
From here on, I'll be more powered-up
and I'm going to be trying even harder!
well,
attached to that,
"mmm, tasty"
"how's that coming along for you"
You know
I remember those
well, since my channel's been revived,
it's all behind me
I'm absolutely not going to put a hit out on you!
well, I have it in hand
sub: (oh shi-)
as expected
and so,
hereafter,
after all, since this is the kind of life where any unexpected thing could happen
Like the tears of the sea,
Just being alive is a clear victory!
is what I'm aiming for
Because I'm thinking I'm going to keep trying from here on forward,
I look forward to continue working with everyone!
More than usual,
please give me your signature below
a nice big one, bigger than usual, right in the comment box
Anyone writing anything is fine~
and once again,
I look forward to continuing to work with everyone!
This has been virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
Job restored!
Until next time!